I am building two android apps for teachers to connect with parents. These apps is targetted at teachers and coaches who provide private coaching and tution and the students parents. Teachers can do the following features 1. manage batches and its students, 2. create assignemnts and share, 3. message parents and recieve messages from parents, 4. manages and share notes including multimedia 5. track the fee payment and send notifications and share test results and get it attested. I want to write UX stories for these apps starting from teacher app.
First screen is the login page, teachers can enter user name and password to sign in. Also there should be an option to signup. The page should also contain the product name and branding log. Can you write ux story


next lets write the story for sign up screen, this screen is accessible if the user clicks on the sign up option in the login screen.
the fields in the pages are
1. Fist Name
2. Last Name 
3. Username - autogenerated recommendation based on firstname and lastname
4. password - minimum 8 characters with on uppercase and one symbol
5. phonenumber - mandatory, validate
6. email - optional, validate
7. profile pic upload - upto 1 mb file
8. Address - mandatory
9. pincode - mandatory
10. gendar - not mandatory
11. signup botton

on click of signup validate the fields and if ok proceed
Once successful go to home page. if failed stay back at the same page
on back go to the history. back

next lets focus on batch management , batches view page
teachers can create and manage batches using the app. Users can access batches from the burger menu on any other common menu. This option need not be in home page since it is not a frequest operation.
In the batches page we will  display the batch details as cards with vertical scrolling. The cards will have only basic and most important information. Teacher can click on a card which will expand to a view with all the option in edit mode and a save button.

All fields of a batch are
name - mandatory
course - optional
subject - optional
description - optional text area
create on - automatic
Fee - float number mandatory - 0 allowed
fee payment frequency - monthly or onetime
payment date - optional if onetime, mandatory if monthly a number selector between 1 and 31

the user can change the field and click on save . If there is error show the error and stay on the page. if save is successful go back to card view. on back go back to card view

The batches view page will also have a create option, on clicking that it will lead the teacher to the create batches screen

now lets do the create batches screen
The create batches screen will have all the same fields as the edit batch screen. With a create button. If there are errors show errors and stay back. If create is success then go back to view batches page and refresh the cards. on clicking back button, go back to the view batches screen


each card in the view batches screen will also have a delete option. when user clicks on delete then show an alert that 'all the notes, assignments and fee payment information will be removed if you do this. Do you really want to go ahead? ' If the user clicks on yes delete the branch and refresh the view batches scfreen. if user clicks on  go back go back to the view batches screen


Now lets create the home page. The home page will be the default screen of the app as long as the user session is active. 
the home page of the app will have the following information 
1. A header from where user can access a menu that has the infrequent options like manage batches and manage profile. Header will also have prominement display of the batch name and an option to change the batch. header will also include a notification icon with the count of unread notifications. On clicking the notifications it will lead to a notification view page. we will have a separte story for taht screen. on clicking the mnanage batches option it goes to view batches screen. on clicking the profile option it goes to the edit profile screen
2. A set of cards that displays the important features of the app. students, assignments, notes, fee tracker and tests. each card can have a summary informatiion say (number of students). Each cardwill be showing the summary in the context of the selected class from header. Each cardwill be clickable and it will lead to corresponding screen
3. on clicking the back button the app closes

In case if the user has not created any batch yet, show a notifiction to create batch. On clicking the notification it should go to create batches screen


Now lets create the students management screen
this screen will be opened when user select the students option from home screen.
This page will have a create opion that will open create student view
This will also list all the students, each sudent as a card with name and profile picture. A search option will be there on top which allows to search by name. the page will have vertical scroll 
each card will be clickable. on clicking the card the edit student view will open. On clicking back button the app will navigate to last screen. the sudents will be sorted by first name. 

Now lets do the edit students screen
edit students screen will show all attributes of the sudent with a save opion. The specifeid fields will be editable
profilePic - editable
firstName - editable
Lastname - editable
username - readonly
password - editable
parent 1 section
name - editable
phone number - editable
email - editable
parent 2 section
name - editable
phone number -editable
email -editable

option to view messages, option to delete student, option to go to fee tracker
clicking on view messages will navigage to messages screen with student name as the filter and show the messages with this student
clicking on delete will prompt for confirmation with the warning "All the data will be deleted"
clicking on fee tracker will navigate to the fee tracker with student name selected by default

using back option will navigate back to the student list page

Now lets do the add students screen
add students screen will show all attributes of the sudent with a create opion. mandatory fields are mentione
profilePic - photo upload
firstName - mandatory
Lastname 
username - autogenerated - editable - mandatory
password - mandatory
parent 1 section
name - mandatory
phone number - mandatory
email - optional
parent 2 section
name - optional
phone number -optional
email -optional

using back option will navigate back to the student list page after showing a confirmation prompt "do you want to cancel"

now lets design the batch selector in header
the batch selector in the app header will be a drop down that shows all the batches the teacher has. next to that there will be a gear button that will navigate to manage batches screen.
On selecting the drop down, it will refresh the current page (student, assigments, notes, fee tracker, tests) with the data of the given batch. the batch selector should not accessible(readonly ) when the user is in other screens like edit student, create assignment etc. it can be changed only when the user is in one of the management tables default view

now lets create the assignemnts screen
On clicking the assignments option in homepage the assignment screen will be open
this page will have a search and create option on top. Below that it will list allthe assignments
the search will filter the assignments as user type in text.create will open the create assignment screen. Each assignment will be listed as a card with title, date published and completion date. the assignments will be sorted by publish data. the page will veritcally scroll untill all assignments are shown. On clicking the assginment it will open the edit assignment page. on clicking the back button it will go back to the last screen. if the batch selector is changed then itwill refresh the page to show the assignements of the new batch


now lets create the edit assignment screen
edit assignments screen will show all attributes of the assignments with a save opion. The specifeid fields will be editable
title - editable - madatory
publish date - readonly
submissiondate - editable - mandatory
description - editable - optional
attachments - editable - optional

option to delete assignment

clicking on delete will prompt for confirmation with the warning "do you really want to delete"
using the back navigation will go to the assignment listing page after a confirmation "do you want to discard the changes"

clicking on save will attempt the edit after validation. if there validation errors show that next tothe corresponding field. if the edit is success then it will show a propt assigment edited successfully, then it will load the assigments screen



now lets do the create assignment screen
create assignments screen will show all attributes of the assignments with a create opion. The specifeid fields will be mandatory
title -  madatory
submissiondate  - mandatory
description  - optional
attachments - optional


using the back navigation will go to the assignment listing page after a confirmation "do you want to discard the changes"
clicking on create will attempt the creation after validation. if there validation errors show that next tothe corresponding field. ifthe creation is success then it will show a propt assigment created successfully, then it will load the assigments screen


Now lets do the messages screen
the message screen will have an option to filter by student name and also a create message. Below that it will list all the messages in a verical scroll until all messages are displayed. Each message card will have subject, icon of the sender, from: first name, and number of replies. on clicking the card it will open the view messages screen. On clicking the create option it will open create messages screen. on clicking back it will navigate to history back. On changing the batch it will refresh the page to show all messages of the selected batch


now lets do the view message details screen
this is the screen when user can view current message, its replies. User can also send a new replies or delete message. following are the fields to be displayed, show it in a email and replies fashion
subject
sender
time
content
attachments
replies each reply having
sender
time
content
attachments

option to add a new reply. on click content and attachment can be provided. A send button to send the reply.

an option to delete the whole message or a own reply
on clicking delete and ask confirmation. if confirmed deletethe message else stay back. if the message is deleted go backto the messages screen and refresh the messages, if a reply is deleted then stay on the same page.

clicking on back button will navigate back to the messages page


now lets do the create message screen
this is the screen where user can create a new message. following are the fields to be displayed, show it in a email  fashion
subject
to: student/batch 
content
attachments

clicking on back button will navigate back to the messages page after a confirmation


now lets do the fee tracker screens
the fee tracker screen shows the fee summary and each individuals students details for a batch
it will have filter by student name option. user will also have an option to filter paid vs unpaid. User can also fitler by month. the records will be sorted by payment date and student name.

the first section is a summary section which will show for the selected month (current by default).
it will show total expected. total received. balance to be recieved.
below that it will show a vertical scroll of fee records of all students. the fee record card will show amount, paid or not and payment date. clicking on this card will open the fee payment details screen. on clicking back will lead to the last selected screen. the month selector will also have a all option that will show all the months records



fee payment details screen
the fee payment details screen will have the following details. It will also allow the teacher mark the fee as recieved aand also do an attachment

student name
month
fee amount
paid or unpaid
recieved or not
notify - sends a message with subject "x month fee payment notification "," content"Y student's fee payment is pending for month z. Please pay it asap. ignore if alrady paid". attachment - a pdf of the invoice
share - open a share window to share the invoice pdf

on click of back go back to the fee tracker


lets do the notes screen
the notes screen displays all the notes for the selected batch. there is an option to filter by note name and create a new notes. below that the notes will be displayed in a vertical scroll
each card will show notes name, type(text, audio or video, pdf etc), creation date.
on clicking the notes it will open the notes details screen. on back go back to the last screen


now  lets do the note details screen
the note details screen will show the following fields and option to delete (with confirmation)
name:
date:
details: text, 
content : attachment or text
on clicking the media it should download and open the content. it alrady downlaoded and the file is available locally then do no redownload


create notes screen
the create notes screen allow using to create a new note
The following fields are to be shown and mandatory filed validation to be done
name: mandatory
details: optional
content (attachments) optional

create button will validate and create the note. Back option will ask for confirmation and navigate back to notes screen. Once the note is created go back to the notes screen and refresh the screen

now lets do the nofitication screen
then notification icon on header will show a count of unread notifications. On click it will open a screen where all the notificatios are listed. the following are the possible notifications. On click of each ofthis it will go to the correspoinding page. and also mark that notification as read. This page will have a scroll where the user can see the list of all notifications

1. message - new message orreply from user - navigate to the message details screen
2. fee paid - fee paid by user - navigate to the fee details screen
3. test result attested - go to the test results screen

on back go back to the last screen
